main headings
---------
Counting on the census
Businesses and policy makers in the Sultanate are gearing up for new statistics on the population as well as cyber docking with the government. Gus Freeman reports

Trading views
The recent Gulf Economic Forum saw an increasing consensus on the need for economic reforms and further integration of the regional and global trade. Saleh Al Shaibany brings a ringside view of the heated debate at the conference

Labour gains
Faced with the depleting oil resource and a burgeoning population, Oman"s biggest challenge is to put in place right training systems so that the national population can respond to the dynamic labour market within and outside the country. Gus Freeman reports

Gaining altitude
Despite a bumpy takeoff, SWISS is confident that it will stay in Muscat and soar in profit. OER reports

A gem of an idea
Opal celebrated its first year of official recognition recently. As new members are invited to join Opal, OER investigates why they should

Boardroom safeguards
In the Sultanate, the amended Commercial Companies Law and the new Code of Corporate Governance are landmark developments for the business community. Based on a KPMG analysis, OER enumerates the salient points 

Larger than life
The Chrysler Concorde 4-door LX sedan promises luxury, agility andefficiency. But does this sleek car deliver? OER finds out

----

regular heading

The balancing act
Asset Liability Management (ALM) has acquired greater significance in the finance sector


The silicon power
If your home PC is becoming a supercomputer, blame it on a tiny piece of silicon. Microprocessors, which power computers, are gathering strength by the hour, offering never-before computing experience

Southward ho!
Despite a massive military build up in Gulf, the oil prices have maintained a relative stability. For any shortage is likely to be met with the release of the US' strategic oil reserves and the increasing non-OPEC oil supply


Silk kites and brand extensions
With garment producers making kites, it is time to re-visit the concept of diversification


Third quarter woes
A disappointing third quarter performance has dampened the market sentiment. Only fresh inflows of funds and entry of new market players would boost the activity in MSM, writes Saleh Al Shaibany
-----
profile heading


Profile - Building success
OER profiles Krishnakumar Taori, the mastermind who manages the day-to-day operations of Hasan Juma Backer group of companies, as we talk to him about the recent expansion and planned growth of the business for next year


